I made a deal for you, You fell in love with a whore. Could I have a drink? Dying is thirsty work. Wish it were wine. So do I. That's where the heart is. That's how you kill a man. The fuck you doing? There's a price on your head. Guess that's what the king does when you tell him to fuck off. The king's dead. Yes. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers. A hundred silver stags. And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you? You were Yoren's prisoners when he was taking me to the Wall. He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick. This day's really not working out the way you planned. He on your little list? He can't be. And I was stupid enough to think that she had fallen in love with me. I don't know his name. What's your name? - Rorge. - Thank you. You're learning. Rangers returning! They return! - Rangers returning! - Greetings. Didn't think I'd see you again. All right, Jon? Welcome back, brother. That deal you made, Lord Snow. This is no place for wild beasts. Lock him away, or I'll let Hobb throw him in tonight's stew. Come on, Ghost. Mance's army was closing in on Craster's Keep when we left. We saw their campfires from Osric's Hill. They'll reach the Wall before the next full moon. I'm surprised you didn't ride over and say hello. The King-beyond-the-Wall is your old friend, isn't he? We need to prepare. it was everything Father wanted. We've been preparing. We should seal the tunnel. Plug it with rocks and ice. Flood it and let it freeze. And how would we range north? - We wouldn't. - Coward! You would cut off our legs, pluck out our eyes, leave us cowering behind the Wall hoping for the storm to pass? We can't defend the gate against 100,000 men. This castle has stood for thousands of years. The Night's Watch has defended her for thousands of years. You do see that? He gets you back as his heir. And in all those centuries, we have never sealed the tunnel. Have you ever seen a giant, Ser Alliser? I have. The tunnel's gate won't stop them. The bars on those gates are four inches thick. Cold-rolled steel. And they won't stop them. Remind me which order you belong to, Lord Snow. The stewards. Are the stewards responsible for maintaining the tunnel? The future Lord of the Rock. No. Who would that be? - The builders. - Ah, the builders. First Builder Yarwyck, Lord Snow here recommends sealing the tunnel, leaving us unable to carry out our duties as sworn brothers of the Night's Watch. Do you agree with him? No. Given your deep knowledge of the wildling army, Lord Snow, you and Tarly will take night duties atop the Wall until the full moon. And he ships me off to Castle Black, out of sight at last. Moving on. First Builder, we'll need 100 barrels of pitch brought atop the Wall. Aye. My lord. You have new clothes. Do you like 'em? Eh? Gloves are doeskin. Softer than a virgin's thighs. I sent for you days ago. - I've been a bit busy. - Doing what? All so perfect. My Ionesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth. Lollys Stokeworth? She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl. I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl. She's dim-witted. If I wanted wits, I'd marry you. When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister? Falyse. It felt good to take that from him. Aye, I did know. And you understand the rules of inheritance? Falyse is 40 and barren. She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies. She does. Unless she happens to perish before her father. Then Lollys gets the castle. What? Ladies fall from their horses and snap their pretty necks all the time. You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here? to keep your ungrateful head on your neck a little while longer. He knows I'm innocent and he's willing to sacrifice me anyway. You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price. Is it two wives you want or two castles? One of each will do. But if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle. I'm a bit short on castles at the moment. But I can offer you gold and gratitude. I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude? You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts. He's willing to sacrifice any of us. Your sister's a Lannister, too. My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it. If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm. And close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock out before I could blink. Not you. Does he frighten you so much? I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and strong. And quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired of hacking at me, he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow. But one misstep and I'm dead. Why should I risk it? You're the golden son. Because you're my friend. Aye, I'm your friend. And when have you ever risked your life for me? I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just like myself more. I understand. I'm sorry it has to be this way. Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? You could kill a king, lose a hand, That's what I liked about you in the first place. We had some good days together. Yes, we did. What will you do? I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song? I hope to hear them sing it one day. How did you get in here? Your door is well guarded, but your window is not. fuck your own sister, you'll always be the golden son. I swam to an island a mile offshore for these. Don't do that again. Never met a woman who didn't like wildflowers. These are my private quarters. If I want you here, I will summon you. Forgive me, my queen. I live to serve you. Tell me why you're here. I came to ask a favour. I only have two talents in this world. War and women. Careful. You are staying here in Meereen to rule. That is a wise decision. I respect it. But here in Meereen, I cannot pursue my talents. I've ordered the Second Sons to patrol the streets to stop the revenge killings. You've ordered us to be night watchmen. And as for women, there are thousands in Meereen you can pursue. There is only one, and she does not want me. You swore me your sword. My sword is yours till the day I die. I'm the last friend you've got. So if I command you to stay in Meereen and patrol the streets? I'll stay in Meereen and patrol the streets. Send me to kill your enemies. Any enemy anywhere. Let me do what I do best. Very well. Do what you do best. Take off your clothes. Oh. Come in, my queen. Please. At least I got to tell them what they really are. I didn't mean to disturb you, my lady. You could never. I just wanted to speak with you before we left. Could you bring me that vial over there? The blue one. No, not that one. You don't even want to touch that one. Next to it. That's the one. When I looked into the flames this morning, the Lord spoke to me. Yes, brilliant speech. He said, "Tonight, you will have your last good bath in a long while. "Make it count." A joke. Not a very good one, I'm afraid. It was. I... Humour isn't my strength. That's because most jokes are lies and you're devoted to the truth. If they're lies, my lady, aren't they best avoided? Not always. I'm sorry, what am I grateful for? They'll be talking about it for days to come. Most of these powders and potions are lies. Deceptions to make men think they witnessed our Lord's power. Once they step into his light, they will see the lie for what it was, a trick that led them to the truth. A pinch of this powder in a bonfire will send a flaming column screaming towards the sky. And this one creates a black smoke that will make the bravest man piss himself with fear. And a drop of this in any man's wine will drive him wild with lust. I thought you were a realist. Did you use it with Stannis? No. Don't be upset. Men never crave what they already have. It's only flesh. It needs what it needs. No act done in service of the Lord can ever be called a sin. I thank God every day for bringing you to us. And Stannis to you. He wants to bring Shireen with us. Didn't realise you'd die for pride. I think that would be ill-advised. My daughter has heretical tendencies, as you're well aware. I don't know if her doubt is real or simply meant to spite me, but whichever the case, she should stay home. I understand how you feel. But that is impossible. Why? You don't need powders and potions, my queen. You don't need lies. You are strong enough to look into the Lord's light and see his truth for yourself. Don't give up on me just yet. However harsh it is. However hard for us to understand. You don't need my help, but I will need yours soon. When we set sail, your daughter must be with us. The Lord needs her. Jorah the Andal. Are you here to see our queen? She's in a good mood. Khaleesi. - You're here early. - Later than some. I survived one trial by combat, even though you weren't there to save me. - You don't approve? - It's not a question of approval, it's a question of trust. You neither approve nor trust. Why would I? The man's a sellsword. Didn't you fight for the Golden Company before pledging your sword to my brother? I did. I trust you. Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that? I can't save you this time either. I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai. - You have? - I have. Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control. That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men. My training has proved that I can't beat a stable boy with my left hand. They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself. Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them. And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning? It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought. Let the priests argue over good and evil. Where's your sense of adventure? Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it, and those behind it. I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi. And now you are helping me show them to freedom. I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai. The man who came to me the other day about burying his father. Hizdahr zo Loraq? He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. Even if you lose, imagine the look on Father's face when you fall. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one. Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind. Yes, Khaleesi. No. Tell him you changed my mind. Rat cunts. Fucking whore. Our family name snuffed out with a single swing of the sword. You're doing it wrong. You need to burn away that horrible bit there. Otherwise it's gonna get infected and fester. I know you don't like fire, but if you don't do it right... No fire. It'll only take a second. - It won't hurt that much. - No fire! Shut up about it. About everything. Thanks to you, I'm a walking bag of silver anywhere the Lannisters hold sway. The opportunity to live and die at the Wall as punishment for a crime I did not commit? It is tempting. Which is everywhere between where we are now and where we're going. I'm as stupid as that hog you stuck back in the village, getting myself cut and stabbed and bitten. No reward is worth this much trouble. Wish I'd never laid eyes on you. You say your brother gave you that sword. My brother gave me this. It was just like you said a while back. Pressed me to the fire like I was a nice juicy mutton chop. Why? Well... Thought I stole one of his toys. I didn't steal it. I was just playing with it. The pain was bad. The smell was worse. But the worst thing was that it was my brother who did it. My father, who protected him, told everyone my bedding caught fire. You think you're on your own? Let me wash it out and help you sew it up at least. Bit of comfort never hurt anyone. Bronn fought for me once, he'll do it again. We've been sleeping in ditches the last few weeks. I think we can treat ourselves to a featherbed for the night and a hot meal not cooked by you. Couldn't agree more, my lady. Just don't start expecting silk underclothes. - Not working for your former lord any longer. - Yes, my lady. Don't get drunk. No, my lady. Can I get you anything else? No, this will do nicely, thank you. If he wins, Kidney pie is wonderful. Thanks. I do my best. A good kidney pie is all about the ingredients. Flour, lard, water, eggs, milk. Easy enough. But the meat, peacetime or not, getting your hands on a good bottom round steak and calves' kidneys is not easy. I mean, some people settle for plain old beef kidneys. Got no right to cook anything, them. Oh, and the gravy. I expect I'll be in his debt for the rest of my life. Don't get me started on the gravy. Very difficult to get right. See, a lot of people give up on the gravy. You cannot give up. No gravy, no pie. Simple as that. That's nice armour. Are you a knight? No. Oh, it's just people with armour are usually knights. Generally speaking. From King's Landing, though, aren't you? If he wins. From there myself originally. Flea Bottom born and bred. What brings you to these parts? We're looking for someone. Someone in particular? Maybe they came in here. A lot of people come in here. Just the other day we had 17... A girl, tall, red hair, very pretty. Her name is Sansa Stark, but she may be using a different name. Starks? What, like them lot from "Winterhell"? No, ain't seen anyone like that. Will you find him for me? I heard they was all traitors. Don't need no traitors in here. I pledged my life to their mother Catelyn Stark. I swore to her I'd bring her daughters home. Sure I can't get you a bit more kidney pie? - What? - It's nothing, my lady. You wouldn't be screwing your face up like that if it was nothing. Don't want to offend, my lady. Truly, I don't. You're not interesting enough to be offensive. The Lannisters want Lady Sansa. Who does Cersei plan on naming as a champion? The Lannisters have money. People kill for money. I don't think we should be telling people we're searching for Lady Sansa. My lady. My lord. Could I have a word? - What about? Not kidney pie. - You seem like a proper lady. Someone who could be trusted. I never met no Sansa Stark. But I know her sister. Arya. No one's seen Arya Stark since her father was beheaded. I hope it's Ser Meryn Trant. She's presumed dead. She weren't when I last spoke to her. - When was that? - Heading up north with the Night's Watch. She was all dressed up as a boy. Like your ladyship, only without the armour. Going by the name Arry. - So what happened to her? - Well... The quick version. The Lannisters took us prisoner. We escaped. I'd enjoy watching Bronn disembowel that pompous child beater. The Brotherhood took us prisoner. They sold me to the innkeep. They were gonna sell Arya to her mother at Riverrun along with another prisoner. Big ugly fellow. Foul mouth and a face like a half-burnt ham. - Not friendly. - The Hound. That's the one. If you find her, could you give her this? She liked the last one I gave her, but, well, this one turned out better. Um... You were saying? Her mother's dead, grandfather's dead, You threw your life away. No. Walder Frey is the new lord of Riverrun. The Brotherhood isn't going to Riverrun. They'll take her to the Eyrie, my lady. Why the Eyrie? Her aunt, Lysa Arryn. Catelyn Stark's sister. She's Arya's last living relative with money. She hates the Lannisters. Lord Tyrion made sure I knew which house married which and who hated who. Not Ser Meryn. Sansa could be there, too. Could be. You sure about this? No. I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour. I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day. Mmm. Do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like. Your sister. Oh. Go on, move it. Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you. I think she may have even believed it herself. Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts. It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. It is rare to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed. And you. She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck. She's wanted this for a long time. Yes, I know. We met, you and I. Many years ago. I think I would have remembered that. Unlikely. You had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him on a visit to Casterly Rock. Come on. My first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, not your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment, you. You and my family have more in common than you might admit. The whole way from Dorne all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, Mercy. a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy. That would have made things so much easier. When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day we would ask. Every day she would say, "Soon." Then she and your brother took us to your nursery and... ...she unveiled the freak. Your head was a bit large, your arms and legs were a bit small, Please. but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs. Just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. Please, mercy. "I hope they are right. "He should not have lived this long." Well, sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants. And what about what I want? Justice for my sister and her children. If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place. I disagree. CERSEl: Ser Gregor. I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And all those who have wronged me are right here. I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. I will be your champion. Hello, Robin. What are you doing? Welcome to the capital. I'm building my home, Winterfell. At least I think I am. I haven't been back there in a very long time. Why did you leave? It's a long story. I stay here in the Eyrie. Mother says it's dangerous on the roads and I have to keep myself safe because I'm the Lord of the Vale and a very important person. Yes, you certainly are. When will you go back? It's not a joke. You understand that, don't you? Thank you for riding here so quickly. Probably never. My family doesn't live there any more and someone burned it down. Oh. Does Winterfell have a Moon Door? No, I'm afraid not. It's not high up in the mountains. It's down on the ground. That sounds dangerous. - How do you make people fly? - We don't. What do you do with all the bad people and the scary people and the people you don't like? You seem to be in good form. I never did anything with them at all. Girls didn't take part in that where I came from. Well, I'm Lord of the Vale. When I grow up, I'll be able to fly anybody who bothers me. Or you. When we get married, you can tell me if you don't like somebody and then we can bring them back here and, whoosh! Right through the Moon Door. I like the sound of that. Let's put a Moon Door in your Winterfell. Who am I fighting? All right. - It can go in here in this big tower. - Be careful. You've ruined it. Now I'm going to have to rebuild the whole thing. - I didn't ruin it. - You did. It was already ruined because it didn't have a Moon Door. - I was fixing it. - Knocking things down isn't fixing them. - It's ruining them. - I didn't ruin it! - You're being stupid. - I didn't ruin it! Robin, I'm sorry, I... Children. Does it matter? - I hit him. - Yes, I saw. - I shouldn't have done that. - No. His mother should have, a long time ago. Consider it a step in the right direction. If he tells Aunt Lysa... Let me worry about Aunt Lysa. I was trying to remember what everything looked like. I'll never see it again. A lot can happen between now and never. If you want to build a better home, Could be food. first you must demolish the old one. Why did you really kill Joffrey? Tell me why. I loved your mother more than you could ever know. Given the opportunity, what do we do to those who've hurt the ones we love? In a better world, one where love could overcome strength and duty, you might have been my child. But we don't live in that world. Could be soldiers. You're more beautiful than she ever was. Lord Baelish... Call me Petyr. You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa? Come here, Sansa. Do you know how far the fall is? No. Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating You shouldn't be sitting out here like this. what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. I know what you did. I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin. Where else to sit? - I promise it won't happen... - Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed Petyr. - I didn't. You don't understand. - I saw you. You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes. - He kissed me. I pulled away. - Liar! Whore! He is mine! My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead. That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me. Look down! Tried to walk back to me hut, - Look down! - Lysa! Let her go. You want her? This empty-headed child? Let her go. She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you. I killed for you. - Why did you bring her here? - I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. hurt too much. Let her go, Lysa. Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife. I have only loved one woman, only one, my entire life. Your sister. Of course it's a joke, just not a very funny one. Then I remembered they burned me hut down. Who were "they"? I stopped asking a while ago. That's not going to get better. Doesn't seem so. A bad way to go. Haven't you had enough? Of what? I know. Time to go. I couldn't listen to her standing there, telling her lies. Take matters into me own hands. The thought has occurred to me. So why go on? Habit. Nothing could be worse than this. Maybe nothing is worse than this. Nothing isn't better or worse than anything. Nothing is just nothing. Who are you? My name is Arya. I couldn't do it. Arya Stark. You her father? Her captor. Bringing her to her aunt for ransom. A fair exchange, that is. Always held to the notion of fair exchange in all my dealings. You give me, I give you. Fair. A balance. No balance any more.