(GROANS) SANSA STARK: She would if she thought I was going to betray Jon. I was only trying to protect her. You and me both. She's alive. Arya. - Where? - Winterfell. Who's protecting her if you're here? The only one that needs protecting is the one that gets in her way. It won't be me. Tyrion: Here we are-- With the faces, I can become someone else. the heroes of Blackwater Bay. Strange place for a reunion. It is, my lord. I don't think I'm anyone's lord anymore, Podrick. Save the titles for Ser Bronn of the Blackwater. I'm sure your new queen will be happy to restore yours if she ends up on the throne. You've been thinking about our new queen? Perhaps you've been reconsidering your allegiances. Remember my offer-- I wonder what it would feel like to be the Lady of Winterfell. whatever they're paying you, I'll pay double. And that would be double what now, exactly? Don't you worry about me. I'm doing all right. - Looking after myself. - Tyrion: Are you? Helping me to arrange this meeting wasn't exactly looking after yourself, was it? You put yourself at risk. I put yourself at risk. Important difference. It's your head Queen Cersei's offered a bag of gold for, it's not mine. Now, thanks to me, All I'd need to find out... is your face. she's got two traitors' heads coming right through her door. She can lop them both off as soon as she gets tired of the clever words that pour out their pieholes. All thanks to Ser Bronn of the fucking Blackwater. If that's not looking after myself, I don't know what is. It's good to see you again. Yeah, you, too. Anyone touches it, I'll kill you first. Come on, Pod. Let's you and me go have a drink Daenerys will win this war. while the fancy folks talk, eh? I left this shit city because I didn't want to die in it. Am I going to die in this shit city? You might. And this is all your idea. Seems every bad idea has some Lannister cunt behind it. And some Clegane cunt to help them see it through. ( footsteps approach ) Remember me? If you want Cersei to bend the knee, Yeah, you do. You're even fucking uglier than I am now. What did they do to you? Doesn't matter. That's not how it ends for you, brother. You know who's coming for you. You've always known. Where is she? She'll be here soon. Didn't travel with you? you can ask her yourself. No. ( dragons screeching ) - ( screeching ) - ( wings flapping ) ( roaring ) ( roaring ) We've been here for some time. My apologies. We are all facing a unique-- Euron: Theon! I have your sister. She has a more important request. If you don't submit to me here, now... I'll kill her. I think we ought to begin with larger concerns. Then why are you talking? You're the smallest concern here. Do you remember when we discussed dwarf jokes? His wasn't even good. He explained it at the end. Never explain. It always ruins it. We don't even let your kind live Cersei thinks the army of the dead is nothing in the Iron Islands, you know? We kill you at birth. An act of mercy for the parents. Perhaps you ought to sit down. Why? Sit down or leave. ( laughing ) We are a group of people who do not like one another, as this recent demonstration has shown. We have suffered at each other's hands. but a story. What if we prove her wrong? We have lost people we love at each other's hands. If all we wanted was more of the same, there would be no need for this gathering. We are entirely capable of waging war against each other without meeting face-to-face. So instead, we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days? We all know that will never happen. Then why are we here? This isn't about living in harmony. Little Theon! Come and get her. Bring the dead to her. It's just about living. The same thing is coming for all of us. A general you can't negotiate with. An army that doesn't leave corpses behind on the battlefield. Lord Tyrion tells me a million people live in this city. They're about to become a million more soldiers in the Army of the Dead. I imagine for most of them it would be an improvement. This is serious. I wouldn't be here if it weren't. I don't think it's serious at all. (WALKER SHRIEKING) I think it's another bad joke. If my brother Jaime has informed me correctly, you're asking me for a truce. Yes. That's all. That's all? Pull back my armies and stand down while you go on your monster hunt. Or while you solidify and expand your position. Hard for me to know which it is with my armies pulled back until you return and march on my capital with four times the men. Go! Your capital will be safe until the northern threat is dealt with. You have my word. The word of a would-be usurper. There is no conversation that will erase the last 50 years. We have something to show you. ( chains rattling ) ( box thuds ) ( screeching ) ( grunts ) We are going to destroy the Night King and his army. ( screeching ) We can destroy them by burning them. ( screeching ) And we can destroy them with dragonglass. If we don't win this fight, then that is the fate of every person in the world. ( grunts ) There is only one war that matters-- the Great War. And it is here. Thank you, my queen. Daenerys: I didn't believe it until I saw them. I saw them all. How many? A hundred thousand, at least. Can they swim? No. Good. I'm taking the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Islands. What are you talking about? I've been around the world. ( theme song playing ) I've seen everything, things you couldn't imagine, and this... this is the only thing I've ever seen that terrifies me. I'm going back to my island. You should go back to yours. When winter's over, we'll be the only ones left alive. Cersei: He's right to be afraid. And a coward to run. If those things come for us, ( chatter ) there will be no kingdoms to rule. Everything we suffered will have been for nothing. Everything we lost will have been for nothing. The crown accepts your truce. Until the dead are defeated, they are the true enemy. ( sighs ) In return, the King in the North will extend this truce. He will remain in the North where he belongs. He will not take up arms against the Lannisters. He will not choose sides. ( chatter continues ) Daenerys: Just the King in the North? - Not me? - ( Cersei chuckles ) I would never ask it of you. You would never agree to it. And if you did, I would trust you even less than I do now. I ask it only of Ned Stark's son. I know Ned Stark's son will be true to his word. I am true to my word. Or I try to be. That is why I cannot give you what you ask. - Bronn: Oil? - Pitch, my lord. I cannot serve two queens. And I have already pledged myself to Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen. Then there is nothing left to discuss. The dead will come north first. Enjoy dealing with them. We will deal with whatever is left of you. Brienne: Ser Jaime. It's been good to see you. I imagine the next time will be across a battlefield. We both saw what just happened. - How many barrels? - 500, my lord. We both saw that... thing. Yes, and I'm not looking forward to seeing more of them. But I'm loyal to the queen, and you're loyal to Sansa and her dolt brother. Oh, fuck loyalty! Fuck loyalty? This goes beyond houses and honor and oaths. Talk to the queen. And tell her what? Davos: I wish you hadn't done that. (CACKLES MANICALLY) Get 500 more. I'm grateful for your loyalty, but my dragon died so that we could be here. If it's all for nothing, then he died for nothing. I know! I'm pleased you bent the knee to our queen. I would have advised it, had you asked. But have you ever considered learning how to lie every now and then? Just a bit? Yes, my lord. I'm not going to swear an oath I can't uphold. Talk about my father if you want, tell me that's the attitude that got him killed. But when enough people make false promises, words stop meaning anything. Then there are no more answers, only better and better lies. And lies won't help us in this fight. Tyrion: That is indeed a problem. The more immediate problem is that we're fucked. Any ideas as to how we might I still enjoy it when they call me "my lord." change that state of affairs? Only one. Everyone stays here, and I go and talk to my sister. I didn't come all this way to have my Hand murdered. I don't want Cersei to murder me either. I could have stayed in my cell and saved a great deal of trouble. Jon: I did this. - I should go. - She'll definitely murder you. I go see my sister alone. The thrill will fade. Or we all go home and we're right back where we started. - You spoke with her? - At her until she kicked me out. She thinks I was an idiot to trust you. A lot of people seem to think that, actually. I'm about to step into a room with the most murderous woman in the world who's already tried to kill me twice, that I know of. Who's an idiot? I suppose we should say goodbye, If we live that long. one idiot to another. I shouldn't be surprised, I suppose. She's your kind of woman-- a foreign whore who doesn't know her place. A foreign whore you can't abduct, beat, or intimidate. That must be difficult for you. So you bring her here with her pet Northerner, - whom you've convinced to bow down before her. - I didn't know about that. And now you've got them both working towards the same goal, the goal you've worked towards your entire life... Men without cocks. - Cersei, I didn't know. - ...the destruction of this family. I am the one preventing that from happening. Daenerys didn't want to debate and negotiate. She didn't want to bring you words. She wanted to bring you fire and blood until I advised her otherwise. I don't want to destroy our family. I never have. You killed our father. After he sentenced me to death You wouldn't find me fighting in an army for a crime I didn't commit, yes, I killed him. Hate me for it if you want. I hate myself for it in spite of what he was, in spite of what he did to me. Oh, poor little man. Your papa was mean to you. Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open. You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart. if I had no cock. You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen. No one would've touched them if Father was here. - No one would have dared-- - I have never been more sorry about anything. I will not hear it, not from you. I will not hear it! All right. You love your family, and I have destroyed it. I will always be a threat. What's left to fight for? So put an end to me. If it weren't for me, you'd have a mother. If it weren't for me, you'd have a father. If it weren't for me, you'd have two beautiful children. I've thought about killing you more times than I can count. Do it! Say the word. ( sighs ) ( pants ) Gold? I am more sorry about the children than you could ever know. - I will not-- - I don't care. I loved them. You know I did. You know it in your heart if there's anything left of it. It doesn't matter. Your love doesn't matter. Your feelings don't matter. I don't care why you did what you did. I only care what it cost us. It cost us our future. If there's no future, then why are we here? It's an invitation... to King's Landing. I spent my life around soldiers. Why did you allow me to come? Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction. Yes, no, not what you hoped for, but you must have hoped for something. What did you hope for? - To make Jon Snow submit to your queen? - Mm, not like this. But eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her. - Yes. - Why? Because I think she will make the world a better place. What do you think they spend that gold on? You said she'd destroy King's Landing. She knows herself. She chose an advisor who would check her worst impulses instead of feeding them. That's the difference between you. I don't care about checking my worst impulses. I don't care about making the world a better place. Hang the world. That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means. Family. And when it came at me, I didn't think about the world. Not at all. As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat. All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family. Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea. Get on a boat, take those who matter-- Not without a cock, you don't. You're pregnant. ( sighs ) No one is less happy about this than I am. I know. I respect what you did. Wish you hadn't done it, but I respect it. This place was the beginning of the end for my family. ( speaking Valyrian ) A dragon is not a slave. They were terrifying. Maybe it really is all cocks in the end. Extraordinary. They filled people with wonder and awe, and we locked them in here. They wasted away. They grew small. And we grew small as well. We weren't extraordinary without them. We were just like everyone else. You're not like everyone else. And your family hasn't seen its end. Yet, your brother has chosen to side with the cockless. You're still here. I can't have children. Who told you that? The witch who murdered my husband. Has it occurred to you she might not have been a reliable source of information? You were right from the beginning. If I had trusted you, everything would be different. So, what now? I can't forget what I saw north of the Wall. Yes, he's always been a champion of the downtrodden. And I can't pretend that Cersei won't take back half the country the moment I march north. It appears Tyrion's assessment was correct. We're fucked. ( footsteps approaching ) ( footsteps approaching ) My armies will not stand down. I will not pull them back to the capital. I will march them north to fight alongside you in the Great War. The darkness is coming for us all. ( trumpet blares ) We'll face it together. And when the Great War is over, perhaps you'll remember I chose to help with no promises or assurances from any of you. I expect not. Call our banners. All of them. - ( wind howling ) - ( cawing ) Littlefinger: It's not easy for ravens to fly in these storms. Perhaps Jon tried to send word earlier. - ( distant men shrieking ) - ( hoofbeats thundering ) No, this is the way he is, the way he's always been. He never asked for my opinion. Why would he start now? I can't believe he'd surrender the Northern crown without consulting you. This is his writing, his signature. He pledged to fight for Daenerys Targaryen. He's bent the knee. I've heard gossip that the Dragon Queen is quite beautiful. What does that have to do with anything? ( shrieking continues ) Jon is young and unmarried. Daenerys is young and unmarried. You think he wants to marry her? An alliance makes sense. Together, they'd be difficult to defeat. He was named King in the North. He can be unnamed. Even if I wanted to, Arya would never go along. She always loved Jon far more than she ever loved me, and she'd kill anyone who betrayed her family. You will represent my interests I think we're about to be the downtrodden. You are family, too. Would Arya really murder her own sister? Do you know what she is now? Do you know what the Faceless Men are? Only by reputation. They worship the God of Death, I believe. I never trust godly men. They're killers. And Arya was one of them. What do you think she's after? Man: Archers, stand tall! She's your sister. You know her far better than I ever could. Sometimes when I try to understand a person's motives, I play a little game. I assume the worst. What's the worst reason they could possibly have for saying what they say and doing what they do? Then I ask myself, "How well does that reason explain what they say and what they do?" - ( horses neighing ) - Man ♪2: Cover that wall! So, tell me-- what's the worst thing she could want? She could want me dead because she thinks I wronged my family. Why did she come to Winterfell? To kill me for marrying our enemies and betraying my family. Why did she unearth the letter Cersei made you write? To provide proof of my betrayals. To provide justification after she murders me. ( seagulls screeching ) And after she murders you, what does she become? Lady of Winterfell. ( waves crashing ) If we have the Dothraki ride hard on the kingsroad, they'll arrive at Winterfell within the fortnight. And the Unsullied? We can sail with them to White Harbor, meet the Dothraki here on the kingsroad, then ride together to Winterfell. - How many people live here? - A million, give or take. Perhaps you should fly to Winterfell, Your Grace. You have many enemies in the North. Thousands fell fighting your father. All it takes is one angry man with a crossbow. He'll see your silver hair on the kingsroad and know that one well-placed bolt will make him a hero. The man who killed the conqueror. Jon: It's your decision, Your Grace. But if we're going to be allies in this war, it's important for the Northerners to see us as allies. That's more people than the entire North crammed into that. If we sail to White Harbor together, I think it sends a better message. I've not come to conquer the North. I'm coming to save the North. We sail together. Jon. Can I speak with you? All right. What you did in King's Landing, what you said... Why would anyone want to live that way? you could've lied to Cersei about bending the knee to Daenerys. You risked everything to tell an enemy the truth. We went down there to make peace. And it seems to me we need to be honest with each other if we're going to fight together. You've always known what was right. Even when we were all young and stupid, you always knew. Every step you take... There's more work in the city. it's always the right step. It's not. It may seem that way from the outside, but I promise you, it's not true. I've done plenty of things that I regret. Not compared to me, you haven't. No. Not compared to you. I always wanted to do the right thing. Be the right kind of person. And the brothels are far superior. But I never knew what that meant. It always seemed like there's... like there was an impossible choice I had to make. Stark or Greyjoy. Our father was more of a father to you than yours ever was. - He was. - And you betrayed him. Betrayed his memory. I did. ( sighs ) But you never lost him. ( wight screeching ) He's a part of you. Just like he's a part of me. But the things I've done... It's not my place to forgive you for all of it. But what I can forgive, I do. You don't need to choose. You're a Greyjoy... and you're a Stark. When I was Ramsay's prisoner, at this gathering as you see them. ( seagulls screeching ) Yara tried to save me. She's the only one who tried to save me. ( sniffles ) She needs me now. So, why are you still talking to me? Harrag: Load up. Load up, lads. Go on. - ( chatter ) - Tide's coming in. All of us chose to follow Yara. Cersei: Why isn't she with them? We left the Iron Islands for Yara. She would never leave one of us behind. We're not leaving her behind. Your sister's dead. - She's not dead. - She's dead. Even if Euron hasn't cut her throat yet, she's dead. - She's our queen. - She's your sister, and you left her to die. I did. I ran from my uncle. I was a coward. Qyburn: I'm afraid I don't know, Your Grace. So, why in fuck's name should we listen to you? They say the dead can't swim. We're going to sail east, find a nice, quiet island, kill all the men, and take their wives for ourselves. - We're done with all that. - Who says we are? Yara did. She made a pledge. We're going to find her, and we're going to set her free. - ( spits ) - ( men laugh ) No one has seen her. Run away, little Theon. It's what you do best. Man: He needs to shut his mouth. ( men cheering ) - Man: Hey! - ( men laughing ) - ( shouts ) - Man ♪2: Oh, yes! - Man ♪3: That's more like it. - ( men laughing ) ( grunts ) Stay down... or I'll kill you! And the rest of them? ( grunts ) I said stay down or I'll kill you! ( shouting ) ( grunting ) ( grunts ) ( shouts ) ( grunting ) ( pants ) Not for me. For Yara! They're on their way to the Dragonpit now. Men: Yara! Have my sister brought to the Great Hall. Are you sure you want to do this? It's not what I want. It's what honor demands. And what does honor demand? That I defend my family from those who would harm us. That I defend the North from those who would betray us. All right, then. Get on with it. You stand accused of murder. Including our brother? You stand accused of treason. How do you answer these charges... Lord Baelish? My sister asked you a question. Lady Sansa, forgive me... I'm a bit confused. Which charges confuse you? Let's start with the simplest one-- you murdered our aunt, Lysa Arryn. You pushed her through the Moon Door and watched her fall. Yes, Your Grace. Do you deny it? I did it to protect you. You did it to take power in the Vale. Earlier, you conspired to murder Jon Arryn. You gave Lysa Tears of Lys to poison him. Do you deny it? Whatever your aunt might have told you... she was a troubled woman. She imagined enemies everywhere. You had Aunt Lysa send a letter to our parents If anything goes wrong, telling them it was the Lannisters who murdered Jon Arryn when, really, it was you. The conflict between the Starks and the Lannisters, it was you who started it. Do you deny it? I know of no such letter. You conspired with Cersei Lannister and Joffrey Baratheon to betray our father, Ned Stark. Thanks to your treachery, he was imprisoned and later executed on false charges of treason. kill the silver-haired bitch first, - Do you deny it? - I deny it! None of you were there to see what happened. None of you knows the truth. You held a knife to his throat. You said, "I did warn you not the trust me." You told our mother this knife belonged to Tyrion Lannister. But that was another one of your lies. It was yours. Lady Sansa, I have known you since you were a girl. - I've protected you. - Protected me? It's not safe leaving you with Littlefinger. then our brother, then the bastard who calls himself king. By selling me to the Boltons? If we could speak alone, I can explain everything. Sometimes when I'm trying to understand a person's motives, I play a little game. I assume the worst. What's the worst reason you have for turning me against my sister? That's what you do, isn't it? That's what you've always done-- The rest of them you can kill in any order you see fit. turn family against family, turn sister against sister. That's what you did to our mother and Aunt Lysa, and that's what you tried to do to us. Sansa, please. I'm a slow learner, it's true. But I learn. Give me a chance to defend myself. I deserve that. I am Lord Protector of the Vale Come, Ser Gregor. and I command you to escort me safely back to the Eyrie. I think not. Sansa, I beg you! I loved your mother since the time I was a boy. And yet, you betrayed her. I loved you. More than anyone. And yet, you betrayed me. When you brought me back to Winterfell, you told me there's no justice in the world, It's time for us to meet our guests. not unless we make it. Thank you for all your many lessons, Lord Baelish. I will never forget them. Sansa! ( gasps ) I... Jaime: Our men in King's Landing will march north in three days' time. Man: It'll take us a fortnight just to gather supplies for the train. ( donkey braying ) Jaime: We don't have a fortnight. If the North falls, we fall. Three days. The remaining forces in the Westerlands will take the river road east. We'll meet at Lord Harroway's Town and march together to Winterfell. Ser Jaime. Your Grace. My lords, I need a moment with my brother. Men: Your Grace. Missandei: Why did they build it? - What are you doing? - Preparing the expedition north. Expedition north? I always knew you were the stupidest Lannister. The Starks and Targaryens have united against us, and you want to fight alongside them? Are you a traitor or an idiot? You pledged our forces to fight our common enemy-- I'll say whatever I need to say to ensure the survival of our house. You expect me to trust the man who murdered our father? Dragons don't understand the difference You expect me to command our troops to fight beside foreign scum, to fight for the Dragon Queen? You saw it with your own eyes. You saw a dead man trying to kill us. I saw it burn. If dragons can't stop them, if Dothraki and Unsullied and Northmen can't stop them, how will our armies make a difference? This isn't about noble houses, this is about the living and the dead! between what is theirs and what isn't. And I intend to stay amongst the living. Let the Stark boy and his new queen defend the North. We stay here where we've always been. I made a promise. Our child will rule Westeros. Our child will never be born if the dead come south. The monsters are real. The white walkers, the dragons, the Dothraki screamers-- all the frightening stories we heard when we were young, they're all real. Land, livestock, children... So be it. Let the monsters kill each other. And while they battle in the North, we take back the lands that belong to us. - And then what? - And then we rule. When the fighting in the North is over, someone wins. You understand that, don't you? If the dead win, they march south and kill us all. If the living win, and we've betrayed them, they march south and kill us all! Letting them roam free around a city was a problem. The Targaryens and the Starks already want to kill us all. Most of them will die in the North. I faced them in the field. We can't beat them. We can't beat their dragons. How many dragons did you see at the pit? - Two. - What happened to the third? For all we know, it's guarding her fleet! She came here with her dragons and her Dothraki and her Unsullied. She came here to show us all her power. No, something happened. The dragons are vulnerable. LITTLEFINGER: She's your sister. I imagine it was a sad joke at the end. We can't beat the Dothraki. We don't have the numbers. We don't have the support of the other houses! No, we have something better. We have the Iron Bank. You should've listened more when Father spoke about the importance of gold. Oh, I know it's boring for you. You just wanted to hunt and ride and fight. But I listened, I learned. Highgarden bought us the most powerful army in Essos-- the Golden Company. 20,000 men, horses, elephants, I believe. An entire arena for a few sickly creatures smaller than dogs. The Golden Company is not here. They're in Essos. How is a mercenary company in Essos going to help us? Do you really think Euron Greyjoy turned tail and sailed back to the Iron Islands? Do you think he abandoned the chance to marry the queen? No one walks away from me. He's sailing with his fleet to Essos. He's going to ferry the Golden Company back here But in the beginning, when it was home to Balerion the Dread, to help us win the war for Westeros. You plotted with Euron Greyjoy without telling me, the commander of your armies? And you conspired with Tyrion, the man who murdered our father, without telling me, your queen. I didn't conspire with him. You met with him in secret without my consent. You planned to promote my enemies' interests. That is the definition of conspiracy. it must have been the most dangerous place in the world. I pledged to ride north. I intend to honor that pledge. - And that will be treason. - Treason? Disobeying your queen's command, fighting with her enemies. What would you call it? Doesn't matter what I'd call it. I told you no one walks away from me. Are you going to order him to kill me? I'm the only one you have left. Our children are gone, our father is gone. Maybe it still is. It's just me and you now. There's one more yet to come. Give the order, then. I don't believe you. ( chatter ) - ( knocking on door ) - Come in. Samwell Tarly. I wasn't sure if you'd remember me. I remember everything. ( door closes ) Welcome, my lords. You helped us get beyond the Wall. - You're a good man. - Oh, well, thank you, but, um, I'm not sure that I am. What happened to you beyond the Wall? I became the Three-Eyed Raven. Oh! I don't know what that means. I can see things that happened in the past. I can see things happening now all over the world. Your friends arrived before you did. Why did you come to Winterfell? Um... Jon's the one to lead the fight against the dead. I know he is. But he can't do it alone, so I've come here to help him. He's on his way back to Winterfell with Daenerys Targaryen. You-- you saw this in-- in a vision? I've been sent to escort you all to the meeting. Oh. He needs to know the truth. The truth about what? About himself. No one knows. No one but me. Jon isn't really my father's son. He's the son of Rhaegar Targaryen and my aunt, Lyanna Stark. He was born in a tower in Dorne. His last name isn't really Snow, it's Sand. A pleasant surprise in an unpleasant situation. It's not. Dornish bastards are named Sand. At the Citadel, I transcribed a High Septon's diary. He annulled Rhaegar's marriage to Elia. He wed Rhaegar and Lyanna in a secret ceremony. Are you certain? It's what the High Septon wrote in his private diary. I don't know why he'd lie. Is this something you can see? Rhaegar and Lyanna: Father, Smith, Warrior, I never thought I'd see you again, my lord. Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger. - I am hers and she is mine... - I am his and he is mine... from this day until the end of my days. Bran's voice: Robert's Rebellion was built on a lie. Rhaegar didn't kidnap my aunt or rape her. He loved her. And she loved him. - Bran's voice: And Jon... - ( baby crying ) Jon's real name... His name is Aegon Targaryen. Arya would never betray her family. Supporting the enemy, no less. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned. ( panting ) Bran's voice: He's never been a bastard. ( panting ) Bran's voice: He's the heir to the Iron Throne. Bran's voice: He needs to know. We need to tell him. Are you all right? It's just strange. - Hard to blame you. - Cersei will anyway. In his own horrible way, I believe he loved me. You did the right thing. You did it. I'm just the executioner. You passed the sentence. You're the Lady of Winterfell. Does that bother you? I was never going to be as good a lady as you. So I had to be something else. I never could have survived what you survived. I'm glad you're alive. You would have. You're the strongest person I know. I believe that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me. Well, don't get used to it. You're still very strange and annoying. "In winter, we must protect ourselves. Look after one another." Father. "When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies, Bronn: Come on! but the pack survives." I miss him. Me, too. ( birds cawing ) ( chatter ) Beric: It's a long way down. Yeah. The crows keep telling me I'll get used to it. Man: I can see movement... Watch, on the tree line! Man ♪2: What is it? You can suck his magic cock later. ( rumbling ) ( horn blares ) ( horn blares ) ( horn blares ) ( dragon screeching ) ( gasps ) ( dragon screeching ) ( screeching ) Come on! - Run! Run! - ( men shouting ) What's in there? ( men shouting ) ( grunts, panting ) ( men screaming ) ( screaming ) ( all shouting ) ( screaming ) ( roars ) ( roars ) ( music playing ) Fuck off. I thought you were dead. Not yet. You came pretty close.