I wish you all the happiness in the world. Son of Ned Stark. Good. If you don't mind my saying, I don't think you should return to Westeros. I'm not sure you'd be safe here. Oh, I will return, dear Spider. - One last time. - My lady-- I have to die in this strange country. Just like you. Missandei: You stand in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Let's get them inside. rightful heir to the Iron Throne, rightful Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms, the Mother of Dragons, the Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, the Unburnt, the Breaker of Chains. This is Jon Snow. He's King in the North. Thank you for traveling so far, my lord. I hope the seas weren't too rough. TYRION LANNISTER: For decades, House Lannister The winds were kind, Your Grace. Apologies, I have a Flea Bottom accent, I know, but Jon Snow is King in the North, Your Grace. - He's not a lord. - Forgive me-- Your Grace, this is Ser Davos Seaworth. Forgive me, Ser Davos. I never did receive a formal education, but I could have sworn I read the last King in the North was Torrhen Stark, who bent the knee to my ancestor, Aegon Targaryen. has been the true power in Westeros, In exchange for his life and the lives of the Northmen, Torrhen Stark swore fealty to House Targaryen in perpetuity. Or do I have my facts wrong? I wasn't there, Your Grace. No, of course not. But still, an oath is an oath. And perpetuity means-- what does perpetuity mean, Lord Tyrion? Forever. Forever. and the feat of that power is Casterly Rock. - So I assume, my lord... - ( sighs ) ...you're here to bend the knee. I am not. Oh. Well, that is unfortunate. You've traveled all this way to break faith with House Targaryen? Break faith? Your father burned my grandfather alive. He burned my uncle alive. Grey Worm and the Unsullied will sail for the Rock, He would have burned the Seven Kingdoms-- My father... was an evil man. On behalf of House Targaryen... I ask your forgiveness for the crimes he committed against your family. And I ask you not to judge a daughter by the sins of her father. Our two houses were allies for centuries, and those were the best centuries the Seven Kingdoms have ever known. and take it. Centuries of peace and prosperity with a Targaryen sitting on the Iron Throne and a Stark serving as Warden of the North. I am the last Targaryen, Jon Snow. Honor the pledge your ancestor made to mine. Bend the knee and I will name you Warden of the North. Together, we will save this country from those who would destroy it. You're right. You're not guilty of your father's crimes. Summon Jon Snow. And I'm not beholden to my ancestor's vows. Then why are you here? Because I need your help, and you need mine. Did you see three dragons flying overhead when you arrived? I did. And did you see the Dothraki, all of whom have sworn to kill for me? They're hard to miss. - But still, I need your help? - Davos: Not to defeat Cersei. TYRION: He would make a valuable ally. You could storm King's Landing tomorrow and the city would fall. Hell, we almost took it and we didn't even have dragons. - Almost. - But you haven't stormed King's Landing. Why not? The only reason I can see is you don't want to kill thousands of innocent people. It's the fastest way to win the war, but you won't do it, which means, at the very least, you're better than Cersei. MELISANDRE: Let him stand before you and tell you the things Still, that doesn't explain why I need your help. Because right now, you and I and Cersei and everyone else, we're children playing at a game, screaming that the rules aren't fair. - You told me you liked this man. - I do. In the time since he's met me, he's refused to call me queen, he's refused to bow, and now he's calling me a child. I believe he's calling all of us children. Figure of speech. Your Grace, everyone you know will die before winter's over if we don't defeat the enemy to the north. - JAIME LANNISTER: Myrcella? - (PANTING) that have happened to him. As far as I can see, you are the enemy to the north. I am not your enemy. The dead are the enemy. The dead? Is that another figure of speech? The Army of the Dead is on the march. The Army of the Dead? You don't know me well, my lord, but do you think I'm a liar or a madman? No, I don't think you're either of those things. Dragonstone sits on a mountain of dragonglass. The Army of the Dead is real. The white walkers are real. The Night King is real. I've seen them. If they get past the Wall and we're squabbling amongst ourselves... we're finished. I was born at Dragonstone. Not that I can remember it. We fled before Robert's assassins could find us. Robert was your father's best friend, no? We can never hope to defeat the army of the dead alone. I wonder if your father knew his best friend sent assassins to murder a baby girl in her crib. Not that it matters now, of course. I spent my life in foreign lands. So many men have tried to kill me, I don't remember all their names. I have been sold like a broodmare. I've been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled. Do you know what kept me standing We need allies. through all those years in exile? Faith. Not in any gods, not in myths and legends. In myself. In Daenerys Targaryen. The world hadn't seen a dragon in centuries until my children were born. The Dothraki hadn't crossed the sea, any sea. They did for me. You're abandoning your people! You're abandoning your home. I was born to rule the Seven Kingdoms, and I will. You'll be ruling over a graveyard if we don't defeat the Night King. The war against my sister has already begun. You can't expect us to halt hostilities and join you in fighting whatever you saw beyond the Wall. You don't believe him. I understand that. It sounds like nonsense. Until I return, the North is yours. But if destiny has brought Daenerys Targaryen back to our shores, it has also made Jon Snow King in the North. You were the first to bring Dothraki to Westeros? He is the first to make allies of wildlings and Northmen. He was named Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. He was named King in the North. Not because of his birthright. He has no birthright. He's a damn bastard. All those hard sons of bitches chose him as their leader because they believe in him. ( theme music playing ) All those things you don't believe in, he faced those things. He fought those things for the good of his people. He risked his life for his people. He took a knife in the heart for his people. He gave his own-- If we don't put aside our enmities and band together, we will die. And then it doesn't matter whose skeleton sits on the Iron Throne. If it doesn't matter, then you might as well kneel. The bastard of Winterfell. Swear your allegiance to Queen Daenerys, help her to defeat my sister, and together, our armies will protect the North. There's no time for that. There's no time for any of this! While we stand here, debating-- It takes no time to bend the knee. Pledge your sword to her cause. And why would I do that? I mean no offense, Your Grace, The dwarf of Casterly Rock. but I don't know you. As far as I can tell, your claim to the throne rests entirely on your father's name, and my own father fought to overthrow the Mad King. The lords of the North placed their trust in me to lead them, and I will continue to do so as well as I can. That's fair. It's also fair to point out that I'm the rightful Queen of the Seven Kingdoms. I believe we last saw each other atop the Wall. By declaring yourself king of the northernmost kingdom, you are in open rebellion. ( footsteps approaching ) ( whispering ) Your Grace, please dismiss your guests. I have grave news. You must forgive my manners. You'll both be tired after your long journey. We'll have baths drawn for you and supper sent to your rooms. ( speaking Dothraki ) Am I your prisoner? Myrcella? You were pissing off the edge if I remember right. Not yet. Our ironborn and Dornish allies were attacked en route to Dorne. - And? - Two or three ships escaped, the rest, sunk or captured. Ellaria and the Sand Snakes, dead or captured. The Greyjoys, dead or captured. All of them? ( men shouting ) - Pull! - Heave! Picked up some scars along the road. Pull! ( men grunt ) ( grunts ) Your sister's dead? Euron has her. You saw him take her? - But you got away? - I couldn't save her. I tried. You wouldn't be here if you tried. Man: Come, men! It's been a long road, but we're both still here. Sails up! ( crowd cheering ) Woman: Murderer! Man: Whores! - ( all shouting ) - Traitor! This is the life. Look at them, cheering for a Greyjoy. ( cheering ) - ( grunts ) - ( laughter ) I have to be honest, I'm Tyrion Lannister. this is making me hard. Did you see Little Theon's face right before he jumped overboard? "Oh, no!" ( laughs ) What a twat. ( crowd booing ) - ( crowd shouting ) - ( spits ) - Man: Whore! Whore! Whore! - Man ♪2: Murderers! ( applause ) ( grunts ) - Davos Seaworth. - Ah, the Onion Knight. My queen, please accept this gift on behalf of all of your loyal subjects in the Iron Islands. ( both grunt, gasp ) I give you what no other man could give-- justice. Justice for your murdered daughter. You've proven yourself the greatest captain on the fourteen seas and a true friend to the crown. You deserve more than a true friend. And you deserve a proper reward for your heroism. We fought on opposite sides at the Battle of Blackwater Bay. There's only one reward I want. You shall have what your heart desires... when the war is won. With Euron Greyjoy commanding our naval forces and Jaime Lannister leading our armies, the sons and daughters of Westeros shall defend our country. ( crowd cheering ) There's nothing quite like it, is there? The love of the people. Unluckily for me. Though I suppose you wouldn't know. This same mob spat at my sister not long ago. And if you turn on us, they'll cheer to see your head mounted on a spike. Or yours. They just like severed heads, really. Listen, if you have any advice at all, I would love to hear it. When we have an hour or two to speak as brothers. Advice? Missandei is the queen's most trusted advisor. Does she like it gentle or rough? A finger in the bum? Shh, shh, shh, shh, not now. We'll talk later. Cersei: I want you to know I understand. Even though we're enemies, you and I, I understand the fury that drives you. I was there that day when Ser Gregor crushed your lover's head. If I close my eyes, - I can hear the sound of Oberyn's skull breaking. - ( grunts ) Welcome to Dragonstone. The sound of your scream. I never heard a sound like that. I thought, "That's true love." Oberyn looked beautiful that day. He really did. No one moved like him. No one had such skill with a spear. Even Ser Gregor couldn't stop him. If only he hadn't taunted him. He could've walked away and left poor Ser Gregor to die. But that wasn't your lover's way, was it? Our queen knows it is a long journey. Now he's buried somewhere. And here's Ser Gregor, stronger than ever. That must be difficult for you. When my daughter was taken from me, my only daughter... well, you can't imagine how that feels unless you've lost a child. I fed her at my own breast even though they told me to give her to the wet nurse. I couldn't bear to see her in another woman's arms. (SCREAMS) She appreciates the efforts you have made on her behalf. I never got to have a mother, but Myrcella did. She was mine, and you took her from me. Why did you do that? Doesn't matter now. Your daughter's a beauty, too. Those brown eyes. Those lips. Perfect Dornish beauty. I imagine she's your favorite. If you wouldn't mind handing over your weapons. I know, I know, we're not supposed to have favorites, but still, we're only human. We love whom we love. ( muffled speech ) I'm sorry, I can't understand you. That gag makes it impossible to understand what you're saying. It must be frustrating. We all make our choices. You chose to murder my daughter. You must have felt powerful after you made that choice. Of course. - ( grunts ) - Do you feel powerful now? I don't sleep very well. Not at all, really. I lie in bed and I stare at the canopy and imagine ways of killing my enemies. How to destroy Ellaria Sand, the woman who murdered my only daughter. I thought about having Ser Gregor crush your skull the way he did Oberyn's. It would be poetic, I suppose, but fast, too fast. I thought about having him crush your daughter's skull. ( men murmuring ) She's so beautiful. The thought of this lovely face cracking open like a duck egg, no, it's just not right. - ( Tyene whimpers ) - ( gasps ) Mama. ( grunts ) ( crying ) Qyburn here is the cleverest man I know. Clever enough to learn what poison you used to murder Myrcella. Please, this way. The Long Goodbye, was that it? - The Long Farewell. - That's the one. How long does the poison take? Qyburn: Difficult to say-- hours, days. It depends on the subject's constitution. - But death is certain? - Oh, yes, Your Grace, quite certain. Your daughter will die here in this cell, and you will be here watching when she does. You'll be here the rest of your days. If you refuse to eat, we'll force food down your throat. Where are you from? You will live to watch your daughter rot. - To watch that beautiful face collapse... - ( sobbing ) ...to bone and dust. All the while contemplating the choices you've made. Make sure the guards change the torches every few hours. I don't want her to miss a thing. ( both crying ) No. ( panting ) ( birds chirping ) I can't place the accent. ( knocking on door ) Don't. What are you doing? No one can see us like this. I am the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms. I'll do as I please. Forgive me, Your Grace. The visitor from Braavos has arrived. Good. And we'll need fresh sheets for the bed. At once, Your Grace. ( chuckles ) ( liquid pouring ) I was born on the Island of Naath. No, thank you. My condolences, Your Grace, on the death of your son. From all reports, he was a fine young man. The Iron Bank didn't send you here to offer condolences. Condolences and congratulations. To become the first ruling Queen of the Seven Kingdoms, that's quite an accomplishment. The Iron Bank appreciates how you cast off the yoke of superstition, freeing the crown from elements Ah. I hear it's beautiful down there. who sought to subvert the rule of law. The destruction of the Sept of Baelor was a tragic accident. Indeed, but sometimes tragedies are necessary to restore order and rational leadership. The Iron Bank wants its gold back. Your father never minced words either. But, yes, your debts are considerable. And you're now engaged in a conflict on several fronts. We both know how expensive war can be. And we both know gold wins wars. Palm trees and butterflies. Your vaults are empty. Your late husband's profligacy saw to that. Your wealthiest allies, the Tyrells, are now your enemies. You are surrounded on all sides by rivals for the throne. And the Iron Bank wants to bet on a winner. We don't make bets. We invest in endeavors we deem likely to be successful. A fancy way of saying "bet." The war's already begun. I've drawn first blood. I decapitated the Dornish snake. Kill us! Haven't been, myself. My armada owns the Narrow Sea. Euron Greyjoy's armada owns the Narrow Sea. Euron Greyjoy is loyal to me. For now. Daenerys Targaryen has three full-grown dragons. How well do wooden ships fare against fire-breathing dragons? Her dragons might not be as invulnerable as some think. But let's talk about the Targaryen girl. You want to invest in her? I'm guessing the Iron Bank invested considerable gold in the slave trade. This place has changed. How are your profits now that Daenerys has freed all the slaves? The slave trade has entered a downturn, it's true. From what I gather, she considers herself more of a revolutionary than a monarch. In your experience, how do bankers usually fare with revolutionaries? The Lannisters owe the Iron Bank quite a lot of money, but Lannisters always pay their debts. Do former slaves or Dothraki or dragons? Your father's daughter, indeed. Tyrion: And Sansa? I hear she's alive and well. Give me a fortnight. Stay in King's Landing as my honored guest. And when you return to Braavos, I swear to you, my debt will be paid in full. I came down here to brood over my failure to predict the Greyjoy attack. You're making it difficult. You look a lot better brooding than I do. You make me feel like I'm failing at brooding over failing. I'm a prisoner on this island. I wouldn't say you're a prisoner on this island. - Jon: She is. - Does she miss me terribly? You're free to walk the castle, the beaches, to go wherever you want. Except to my ship. You took my ship. I wouldn't say we took your ship. I'm not playing word games with you. The dead are coming for us all. Why don't you figure out what to do about my missing fleet and murdered allies, and I'll figure out what to do about your walking dead men. A sham marriage. And unconsummated. It's hard for me to fathom. It really is. If someone told me about the white walkers and the Night King... You probably don't believe me. I do, actually. You didn't before. "Grumkins and snarks," you called them. Do you remember? You said it was all nonsense. It was nonsense. Everybody knew it. But then Mormont saw them - I didn't ask. - Well, it was. Wasn't. and you saw them. And I trust the eyes of an honest man more than I trust what everybody knows. How do I convince people who don't know me that an enemy they don't believe in is coming to kill them all? - Good question. - I know it's a good question. I'm looking for an answer. People's minds aren't made for problems that large. White walkers, the Night King, Army of the Dead-- Anyway... it's almost a relief to confront a comfortable, familiar monster like my sister. I need to help prepare my people for what's coming. I can't help them from here. I'd like to leave. It seems unlikely that you became King in the North by giving up that easily. Everyone told me to learn from my father's mistakes. Don't go south. Don't answer a summons from the Mad King's daughter, she's much smarter than she lets on. a foreign invader. And here I am, a Northern fool. Children are not their fathers, luckily for all of us. And sometimes there's more to foreign invaders and Northern fools than meets the eye. Daenerys could have sailed for Westeros long ago, but she didn't. Instead, she stayed where she was and saved many people from horrible fates, She's starting to let on. some of whom are on this island with us right now. While you're our guest here, you might consider asking them what they think of the Mad King's daughter. She protects people from monsters, just as you do. It's why she came here. And she's not about to head north to fight an enemy she's never seen on the word of a man she doesn't know. Good. After a single meeting, it's not a reasonable thing to ask. So, do you have anything reasonable to ask? What do you mean? Maybe you are a Northern fool. I'm asking if there's something I can do to help you. - Dragonglass? - Tyrion: Yes. Volcanic glass, obsidian. He says you have a tremendous amount of it here. Why are we talking about glass? I may have found a way to treat Ser Jorah. Tyrion: At some point, We just lost two of our allies. Which is why I was speaking to Jon Snow, a potential ally. And what does the King in the North want with dragonglass? Apparently, it can be turned into weapons that kill white walkers and their foot soldiers. Or stop them. Destroy them. Unsure about the nomenclature. And what do you think about this Army of the Dead and white walkers and Night Kings? I want to hear how a Night's Watch recruit became King in the North. I'd very much like to believe that Jon Snow is wrong. But a wise man once said that you should never believe a thing simply because you want to believe it. Which wise man said this? I don't remember. Are you trying to present your own statements as ancient wisdom? I would never do that. To you. The reason I believe Jon Snow is because he's here. All of his advisors would have told him not to come. As long as you tell me how a Lannister I would have told him not to come. And he's here anyway. You don't have to believe him. Let him mine the dragonglass. If he's wrong, it's worthless. You didn't even know it was here. It's nothing to you. Give him something by giving him nothing. Take a step toward a more productive relationship with a possible ally. became Hand to Daenerys Targaryen. Keep him occupied while we focus on the task at hand-- Casterly Rock. What was that Ser Davos said about taking a knife in the heart for his people? Did you notice that? You must allow them their flights of fancy. It's dreary in the North. ( screeching ) Amazing thing to see. I named them for my brothers, Viserys and Rhaegar. A long and bloody tale. They're both gone now. You lost two brothers as well. People thought dragons were gone forever, but here they are. Perhaps we should all be examining what we think we know. You've been talking to Tyrion. He is my Hand. - He enjoys talking. - We all enjoy what we're good at. I don't. You know I'm not going to let Cersei stay on the Iron Throne. I never expected that you would. To be honest, I was drunk for most of it. And I haven't changed my mind about which kingdoms belong to that throne. I haven't either. ( sighs ) I will allow you to mine the dragonglass and forge weapons from it. Any resources or men you need, I will provide for you. Thank you. So you believe me, then, about the Night King and the Army of the Dead? You'd better get to work, Jon Snow. ( chatter ) My bannermen think I'm a fool for coming here. How much do we have? 4,000 bushels, my lady. What does that mean? For the current occupants of the castle, it's enough food for a year, perhaps more. And what's the longest winter in the past hundred years? Uh, I'm not entirely certain. I-I'll check Maester Luwin's records. He kept a copy of every raven scroll. You're telling me we don't have enough food, Of course they do. especially not if the armies of the North come back to defend Winterfell? No, my lady, most likely not. Then we must prepare for that eventuality. Whatever direction the threat comes from, this is the best place to be. We need to start building up our grain stores with regular shipments from every keep in the North. If we don't use it by winter's end, we'll give it back to them. But if the entire North has to flee to Winterfell, they won't have enough time to bring wagonloads of grain with them. If I was your Hand, I would have advised against it. Very wise, my lady. Maester Wolkan, you'll see to it? Are they covering those breastplates in leather? No, my lady. Well, shouldn't they be? Once the real cold comes? They should, indeed. Pardon me, my lady. You there, why isn't there leather on these? Command suits you. The Northerners are all facing north, General rule of thumb-- worried about the threat from beyond the Wall. So they should be. I know Cersei better than anyone here. If you turn your back on her-- - You don't know Cersei better than anyone here. - I only meant to say-- That the woman who murdered my mother, father, and brother is dangerous? Thank you for your wise counsel. One of two things will happen-- either the dead will defeat the living, in which case... Please try not to scream. Stark men don't fare well when they travel south. all our troubles come to an end, or life will win out. And what then? Don't fight in the North or the South. Fight every battle, everywhere, always, in your mind. Everyone is your enemy, everyone is your friend... every possible series of events is happening all at once. Live that way and nothing will surprise you. Everything that happens will be something True... that you've seen before. Lady Sansa, at the gate. ( people murmuring ) Hello, Sansa. ( sobbing ) I wish Jon were here. Yes, I need to speak to him. You're Father's last living trueborn son. You're Lord of Winterfell now. I can never be Lord of Winterfell. but I'm not a Stark. I can never be lord of anything. I'm the Three-Eyed Raven. I don't know what that means. It's difficult to explain. Try. Please, for me. It means I can see everything. Everything that's ever happened to everyone. Everything that's happening right now. It's all pieces now, fragments. I need to learn to see better. ( screeching ) When the Long Night comes again, I need to be ready. How do you know all this? The Three-Eyed Raven taught me. I thought you were the Three-Eyed Raven. I told you it's difficult to explain. ( sighs ) Bran-- I'm sorry for all that's happened to you. I'm sorry it had to happen here in our home. ( panting ) It was so beautiful that night. Snow falling, just like now. And you were so beautiful... in your white wedding dress. I have to go back inside, Bran. I'll stay a bit longer. ( man coughing in distance ) Hmm. Hmm. Does it hurt? I'd say you get used to them... A bit. Less than before. The infection no longer appears to be active. ( sighs ) Unusual. Unlikely. One could almost be forgiven for thinking that the entire upper layer of diseased skin was debrided and the underlying region treated with some sort of unguent. Don't know anything about that. I just started feeling better. but you never really do. I assumed it was the rest that did it. And the climate. The climate. You're free to go, ser. This chamber is needed for the infectious, which you are no longer. Tarly, I'd like to speak with you in my study this evening. How bad is it? Suppose I'll find out this evening. - Where will you go? - ( grunts ) Come, their mother is waiting for you. I surrendered to this sickness the moment I first saw it. I knew it would kill me or I'd kill myself before it could. Daenerys Stormborn convinced me otherwise. The only place for me is back with her. I owe her my life. Her and you. ( chuckles ) Your father saved me more than once. It's the least I could do. I wondered why you weren't there to meet our guests. Perhaps our paths will cross again. I hope they do. - Ebrose: You treated him? - Yes. Who told you to treat him? No one. Who forbade you, or anyone, to attempt to treat him? I seem to remember you. - But you treated him anyway? - I did, yes. I forbade it because it is dangerous and rarely successful, especially on someone of that age. You begged us to summon the King in the North. You could have infected yourself and others. You could have devastated the entire Citadel. But you didn't. It's a meticulous, difficult procedure. Many maesters whose chains are heavy with healing links have attempted it and failed. Yet you succeeded. How? I read the books and followed the instructions. That man is alive because of you. (GRUNTING) Don't you want to see him again? You should be proud. Thank you, Archmaester. Come here. All these manuscripts and scrolls are rotting away. I need you to make copies of them. You were expecting a reward. Your reward is not being immediately expelled from the Citadel. You'd better get started. And careful of the paper mites. They like flesh as well. I've done my part. We need to find Euron Greyjoy's fleet and sink it. Your Grace, he's already destroyed a good portion of our fleet. To send our remaining ships after him-- I'm not talking about sending our ships after him. Would you have to go yourself? Euron's ships could be anywhere or in more than one place. You'd be flying around the open seas alone for who knows how long. I wouldn't be alone. I've brought ice and fire together. I would have Drogon, Viserion, and Rhaegal. What can anyone do to them? Missandei: They can still do something to you. It only takes one arrow. It's too great a risk. You're too important. What about Casterly Rock? The Unsullied will be there soon. And what will they face? A difficult situation. They know we're coming. Strange. Yes. Cersei believes my sole purpose in life is to destroy House Lannister. She will be ready. - No one has ever taken the Rock. - Man: Archers! Tyrion: The Lannister Army is still the army my father built. - Come on! - Tyrion: Well-trained and well-provisioned. 10,000 men at least. They will see us coming. They will be ready. ( men shouting ) You spoke so highly of Jon Snow, - Man: Draw! Loose! - Man ♪2: Loose! Tyrion: The gates of Casterly Rock are impregnable. ( men grunting ) The fight up the walls will be hard. We will be at a disadvantage. - ( grunts ) - Many men will die. Just as my father said they would. Interesting thing about my father-- he built our house up from near ruin. He built our army, he built Casterly Rock as we know it, but when he arrives, you hide on a cliff. but he didn't build the sewers. That was beneath him, so he gave the job to the lowest person he could find-- me. He was right, I was low. The company I kept, low. Women, mostly. They weren't welcome at the Rock. Father disapproved of that sort of behavior. Couldn't walk them through the front gates, I didn't take you for a bashful girl. I couldn't have them in my chambers, so in the process of building the sewers, I threw in something for myself. It was a passage that began in an out of the way cove by the sea and ended beneath one of the main guard towers. No better place for low pursuits than beneath the ground. Casterly Rock is an impregnable fortress. ( grunts, wheezes ) But as a good friend of mine once said, My time whispering in the ears of kings has come to an end. "Give me 10 good men and I'll impregnate the bitch." - ( grunting ) - ( all shouting ) And so it begins. They will face the bulk of the Lannister forces. They will be outnumbered. They will have less armor and fewer weapons. But my sister's armies fight for her out of fear. The Unsullied will be fighting for something greater. They will be fighting for freedom and the person who gave it to them. Oh, I doubt that. They will be fighting for you. And that is why they will triumph. ( speaking Valyrian ) ( Grey Worm speaking Valyrian ) ( distant explosions ) Where are they?! Where are the rest of the Lannisters? ( men shouting ) ( chatter ) ( door opens ) Give us common folk one taste of power, - It's done. - It is. And now the rains weep o'er our halls. Did we fight well? Uh, as well as could be expected. It was never our forte. Golden roses, indeed. Your brother and his new queen thought you would be defending Casterly Rock. The truth is Casterly Rock isn't worth much anymore. Well, it is to me, MEERA REED: This is Brandon Stark. we're like the lion who tasted man. but my fond childhood memories won't keep Cersei on the throne. So you just let them take it? For now. They won't be able to hold it. Euron Greyjoy's navy burned their ships, we emptied the larders before we left. Eventually, they'll be forced to abandon their position and march all the way across Westeros. And you took your army, your real army, and went where they weren't. Nothing is ever so sweet again. As Robb Stark did to me at Whispering Wood. There are always lessons in failures. Yes. You must be very wise by now. My father always said I was a slow learner. If he was so clever, why didn't he take Highgarden the moment your gold mines ran dry? ( scoffs ) I suppose I'll be able to ask him myself soon enough. No more learning from my mistakes, eh? Neither of us is common folk anymore. How will you do it? With that sword? That was Joffrey's sword, wasn't it? Not that he ever used it. What did he call it? Widow's Wail. He really was a cunt, wasn't he? I did unspeakable things to protect my family. Or watched them being done on my orders. I never lost a night's sleep over them. I did not part on good terms They were necessary. And whatever I imagined necessary for the safety of House Tyrell, I did. But your sister has done things... I was incapable of imagining. That was my prize mistake-- a failure of imagination. She's a monster, you do know that? To you, I'm sure. To others as well. with the King in the North or his advisor. But after we've won and there's no one left to oppose us, when people are living peacefully in the world she built, do you really think they'll wring their hands over the way she built it? You love her. You really do love her. You poor fool. She'll be the end of you. Possibly. Not much to be gained from discussing it with you, though, is there? Why? What better person to discuss it with? What better guarantee could you have that the things you say will never leave this room? But perhaps you're right. If she's driven you this far, it's gone beyond your control. Yes. It has. She's a disease. I regret my role in spreading it. Because of mistakes I made. You will, too. I think we're done here. How will it happen? Cersei had several ideas. Whipping you through the streets and beheading you in front of the Red Keep. Flaying you alive and hanging you from the walls of King's Landing. I talked her out of those. Will there be pain? No. I made sure of that. Terrible mistakes. That's good. I'd hate to die like your son. Clawing at my neck, foam and bile spilling from my mouth, eyes bloodred, skin purple. Must have been horrible for you, as a Kingsguard, as a father. It was horrible enough for me. A shocking scene. Not at all what I intended. I would only be a distraction if I stayed. You see, I had never seen the poison work before. Tell Cersei. I want her to know it was me. ( music playing ) - So, where will you go? - Volantis.